dns/TASKLIST.md, before:

# Task List :
- [ ] Views:
    - [x] The settings-view
        - [x] Key functionality :
          - [x] Must have required controls to enter settings to the application 
          - [x] User should be able to save settings
          - [x] Should be able to fetch all domains and show result of operation in the alert message box.
        - [x] Controls :
            - [x] Enabled
            - [x] Key
            - [x] Secret key
            - [x] Check IP method
                - [x] Interface
            - [x] Interface
                - [x] List existing interfaces. User should be select used interface.
            - [x] Interval
                - [x] User should be able to give interval how often check will be made. Default 300 (5 minutes).
        - [x] Add the Save-button and complete functionality 
        - [ ] Add the Fetch-button and complete its functionality
            - [x] User should be able to the fetch domains-operation from UI side.
            - [x] The Application should be able to perform to fetch domains from GoDaddy-service using given parameters
            - [x] Application should show results of the action on the screen certain time
              - [x] If api key and/or api secret is empty/invalid
              - [x] Api credentials are not valid.
              - [x] Fetch was successfully and domains fetch from the service
              - [x] Fetch was successfully and no new domains are not fetched from the service
    - [ ] The Domains-view:
        - [x] Key functionality :
          - [x] Show and list fetched domains in the table.
          - [x] Show necessary information about specific domain
          - [x] User should be able to enable/disable ip address check from UI.
          - [] User should be able to edit domain information.
        - [ ] Columns 
           - [x] Enable/disable checkbox 
           - [x] Domain name
           - [x] Description
           - [x] IPv4 address
           - [x] IPv6 address (optional)
           - [x] Interface
           - [x] UUID of the object. Hidden by default. 
           - [ ] Commands (Edit,Delete)
        - Edit domain-dialog:
          -  [x] Disable/enable domain
          -  [x] Name of the domain. Read-only information
          -  [x] Description
          -  [x] Interface selection combo-box.
        - [x] User should be able to enable/disable the ip check for domain from UI. If disabled, domain is not used to WAN IP checks
        - [x] User should be able to delete obsolete domain from the config registry.
      - [ ] The Log-view
        - [ ] Key functionality 
          - Keep track all logs related to Goddy-service
          - Minimal implementation 
- [x] Backend
    - [x] Backend should ble to receive the fetch request from UI side.
        - [x] It should be able to connect to the Service with given key and secret.
        - [x] Fetch all domains from the service.
        - [x] Check is there new domains and update database if needed.
        - [x] Backend should be able to react normal error cases (service is missing)
        - [x] Backend should be able to give results from the operation back to frontend.
            - [x] No domains fetched
            - [x] New domains fetched x amount
            - [x] Error during processing request to the Service.
- [ ] Service
    - [ ] Process the WAN IP check in given periodic
    - [ ] Read settings from system's config storage.
    - [ ] Read all domains and it's values from database to array
    - [ ] Remove disabled domains from array
    - [ ] Processed all remaining domains in the array:
        - [ ] Verify existing ip from given interface
        - [ ] If update is required, update new ip value of the domain must be saved to the '@'-record in the GD service.
        - [ ] If IP address has been changed, update the IP address also to the database.
- [ ] Other
  - [ ] Clean codebase from not used code and files. 
  - [ ] Check what is needed to show the Log view.
  - [x] Check what is needed IPC communication between frontend and backend (arbitrator.php).

Commit message:

Check is ip address set Get api key and secret and set to array Update task list Remove some content from readme doc

dns/TASKLIST.md, after:

# Task List :
- [ ] Views:
    - [x] The settings-view
        - [x] Key functionality :
          - [x] Must have required controls to enter settings to the application 
          - [x] User should be able to save settings
          - [x] Should be able to fetch all domains and show result of operation in the alert message box.
        - [x] Controls :
            - [x] Enabled
            - [x] Key
            - [x] Secret key
            - [x] Check IP method
                - [x] Interface
            - [x] Interface
                - [x] List existing interfaces. User should be select used interface.
            - [x] Interval
                - [x] User should be able to give interval how often check will be made. Default 300 (5 minutes).
        - [x] Add the Save-button and complete functionality 
        - [ ] Add the Fetch-button and complete its functionality
            - [x] User should be able to the fetch domains-operation from UI side.
            - [x] The Application should be able to perform to fetch domains from GoDaddy-service using given parameters
            - [x] Application should show results of the action on the screen certain time
              - [x] If api key and/or api secret is empty/invalid
              - [x] Api credentials are not valid.
              - [x] Fetch was successfully and domains fetch from the service
              - [x] Fetch was successfully and no new domains are not fetched from the service
              - [ ] If domains are fetched, also value of the '@' should be fetched.
    - [ ] The Domains-view:
        - [x] Key functionality :
          - [x] Show and list fetched domains in the table.
          - [x] Show necessary information about specific domain
          - [x] User should be able to enable/disable ip address check from UI.
          - [] User should be able to edit domain information.
        - [ ] Columns 
           - [x] Enable/disable checkbox 
           - [x] Domain name
           - [x] Description
           - [x] IPv4 address
           - [x] IPv6 address (optional)
           - [x] Interface
           - [x] UUID of the object. Hidden by default. 
           - [ ] Commands (Edit,Delete)
        - Edit domain-dialog:
          -  [x] Disable/enable domain
          -  [x] Name of the domain. Read-only information
          -  [x] Description
          -  [x] Interface selection combo-box.
        - [x] User should be able to enable/disable the ip check for domain from UI. If disabled, domain is not used to WAN IP checks
        - [x] User should be able to delete obsolete domain from the config registry.
      - [ ] The Log-view
        - [ ] Key functionality 
          - [ ] Keep track all logs related to Goddy-service
          - [ ] Minimal implementation 
- [x] Backend
    - [x] Backend should ble to receive the fetch request from UI side.
        - [x] It should be able to connect to the Service with given key and secret.
        - [x] Fetch all domains from the service.
        - [x] Check is there new domains and update database if needed.
        - [x] Backend should be able to react normal error cases (service is missing)
        - [x] Backend should be able to give results from the operation back to frontend.
            - [x] No domains fetched
            - [x] New domains fetched x amount
            - [x] Error during processing request to the Service.
- [ ] Service
    - [ ] Process the WAN IP check in given periodic
    - [x] Read settings from system's config storage.
    - [x] Read all domains and it's values from database to array
    - [ ] Processed all remaining domains in the array:
        - [x] Verify existing ip from given interface
        - [ ] If update is required, update new ip value of the domain must be saved to the '@'-record in the GD service.
        - [ ] If IP address has been changed, update the IP address also to the database.
- [ ] Other
  - [ ] Clean codebase from deprecated code and files. Simplify folder structure. 
  - [ ] Check what is needed to show the Log view.
  - [x] Check what is needed IPC communication between frontend and backend (arbitrator.php).
- [ ] Errors
  - [ ] Domains view do not properly. It may have connections with deprecated database code.
